docs: add server concepts doc (#807)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/concepts/server.md

> ## What is a Server?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is a server?
```

A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are depended on request/response, message brokers interactions occur back and forth over different TCP/IP.

> ## What Is The Purpose of Servers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the purpose of servers?
```

## What is a server?

> A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are depended on request/response, message brokers interactions occur back and forth over different TCP/IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are dependent on request/response, message broker interactions occur back and forth over different channels.
```

> A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are depended on request/response, message brokers interactions occur back and forth over different TCP/IP.

Reviewer 3: `Unlike traditional API servers which are depended on request/response, message brokers interactions occur back and forth over different TCP/IP` - I do not think this sentence is needed, especially since there are patterns where request/reply is modeled with asynchronous APIs

`A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established` this is perfect, but we also need to explain a case where server is not a broker, like in case of WebSocket (not sure if you saw my onbarding workshop, and example with Websocket, there there is a server and client, and no broker )

`AsyncAPI can also be used in architectures that are not broker-centric, where server is an application that exposes asynchronous API like WebSocket` 🤔

## What is the purpose of servers?

> Servers play an important role as they maintain a relationship between producers and consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages from the producer to the consumer through the use of channels. With the integration of different messaging protocols, servers can transmit and exchange messages between server-client connections or server to server connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Servers play an important role as they maintain a relationship between producers and consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages from the producer to the consumers through the use of channels. With the integration of different messaging protocols, servers can transmit and exchange messages between clients.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: for broker centric might be better to do it this way

![IMG_20220704_185811](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6995927/177195858-5e780ff1-61ca-40ec-b687-d30d2eaca050.jpg)

or just add the same channels between server. As now it can be confused that messages are not sent to channels. But this is how it works, Producer sends to specific channel, and Subscriber listens to it

Author: @derberg done. I have made the suggested changes

A. server diagram made by figma :

<img width="1504" alt="Server_Diagram" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66913810/174148274-1299dc70-ef12-4f30-b3ed-01c260a8f697.png">

B. server diagram made by mermaid.js :

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66913810/176436057-c045b082-7381-4bf1-9c28-96ee3df4707a.png)

Reviewer 2: In case you didn't know: https://github.blog/2022-02-14-include-diagrams-markdown-files-mermaid/. This way we can collaborate on the diagram too :)

Reviewer: Yes @thulieblack, I know [we're still voting as a community on what diagraming tool we'll use](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/849)e, but if you're already 100% comfortable and have fully copied your original FigJam diagram over to MermaidJS syntax... then it's def better to include the actual markdown of your mermaidJS diagram here in your PR so that reviewers can make commit suggestions with greater ease. 😀

Author: Thank you @fmvilas and @alequetzalli, I have added the mermaid.js syntax to the pr and made some changes as well.😅😅

## What is a server?
A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are dependent on request/response, message broker interactions occur back and forth over different channels.

## What is the purpose of servers?
Servers play an important role as they maintain a relationship between producers and consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages from the producer to the consumers through the use of channels. With the integration of different messaging protocols, servers can transmit and exchange messages between clients.

> Server diagram made by mermaid.js :

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
We don't add a note to the Docs explaining what technology we used to make diagrams. So we can delete this 😄✌🏽

> ```mermaid

Reviewer: Looking so good!!

flowchart LR
    A[producer]
    A --> a1[channel1]
    A --> a2[channel2]

>     subgraph one[server/broker]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    subgraph one[broker]
```

we can say just `broker` I think, and just describe what the diagram shows, that it shows: In broker-centric architecture, broker is considered to be a server, even thought of course technically producer and consumer can also be a server. But the point is to explain from AsyncAPI perspective. For the above diagram, you would create 3 AsyncAPI documents, one for `producer`, one for `consumer1`, and one for `consumer2`. The `server` information that you would provide in these AsyncAPI files, would point to the `broker` itself. In other words, in AsyncAPI file for `producer` you point to the `broker` as the server, not the `producer` itself

but we fundamentally need to agree if in concept docs we want to just talk about `Server` concept only in general, or maybe always provide AsyncAPI context 🤔 

btw, love the way you did it with mermaid, I wonder what you think about it 😄

Author: I know the goal was to define the server concept only, but if there's a need to also explain the diagram I think we should do it. The more information we provide the better people understand the concept. @alequetzalli any thoughts on this?

Reviewer: Yes absolutely @thulieblack, I completely agree. I would add a written explanation of your diagram and we will add it right underneath it in the markdown. 😀👍🏽👍🏽 

Do you feel comfortable writing that explanation or would you like more support? ❤️

Author: Lukasz has already provided some context, so I'm confident in adding the explanation😊

    a1
    a2
    end

>     a1 --> B[consumer]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    a1 --> B[consumer1]
```

>     a2 --> C[consumer]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    a2 --> C[consumer2]
```

## What is a server?
A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are dependent on request/response, message broker interactions occur back and forth over different channels.

## What is the purpose of servers?
Servers play an important role as they maintain a relationship between producers and consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages from the producer to the consumers through the use of channels. With the integration of different messaging protocols, servers can transmit and exchange messages between clients.

* Clients and Server
```mermaid
flowchart TD
    a[Client Browser] --> b[(server)]
    b --> a
    c[Client Mobile] --> b[(server)]
    b --> c 
```

> The diagram above describes a bi-directional relationship between `clients` and `server`. When we create an AsyncAPI `server` file, the AsyncAPI server object holds information that includes the physical location of the `server`.

Author: Hie @smoya could you please review the diagram explanation for both `client - server` and `broker centric` to see if it's technically correct as per @derberg suggestions.

Reviewer: @smoya pingy pongo 😄

Reviewer 4: ![Who dares disturb my slumber Aladding meme](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/293/178/69b.jpg)

Kidding 🤣 , I was on vacation until yesterday and I didn't fully catch-up with notifications. 
Ok, I did a review of the last added sentences, which I think is what has been added since last review @derberg did.

As an extra thing, I would like to suggest we use Grammarly before merging so we can catch possible typos 🔍 ✍️ .

Reviewer: Yes @smoya, her work still needs an editorial review. I have not reviewed this PR because I want her to get technical feedback first. 

That said, @thulieblack, you should be running this thro Grammarly now, not wait till the final draft. You always want to get into the habit of using Grammarly from the very start on your first draft. 😄

Author: lol believe me I use Grammarly on everything. Maybe it took a holiday while I was busy writing the draft😅

> The diagram above describes a bi-directional relationship between `clients` and `server`. When we create an AsyncAPI `server` file, the AsyncAPI server object holds information that includes the physical location of the `server`.

Reviewer 4: WDYT about the following rewrite?

```suggestion
The diagram above describes a bi-directional communication between several **clients** and one **server**. In this case, the `Server Object` holds information about the actual server, including physical location.
```

Explanation:

- > "bi-directional relationship"
  -  the word `relationship` works for talking literally about entity relationship diagrams but not for flow diagrams.
- > When we create an AsyncAPI `server` file
  - We don't create a server file but just describe a [Server Object ](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/v2.4.0#serverObject) in the file.

The rest are just cosmetic changes that you are free to discard.

Author: Makes sense

* Broker Centric
```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[producer]
    A --> a1[channel1]
    A --> a2[channel2]
    subgraph one[broker]
    a1
    a2
    end
    a1 --> B[consumer1]
    a2 --> C[consumer2]
```

> The above diagram shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. We create 3 AsyncAPI document for `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. The information provided for these AsyncAPI files comes directly from the `broker` which is a representation of a `server`.

Reviewer 4: >  The information provided for these AsyncAPI files comes directly from the `broker` which is a representation of a `server`.

I find this sentence a bit confusing. I think we want to mention that the `Server Object`, in this case, holds information about the **broker**. If that wasn't the case, I would like to understand the meaning (not saying is wrong really, I just don't get it).

Author: Hey, @smoya, I'm trying to emphasize here that the server object holding the information is actually the `broker`.  So instead of mentioning the `server`, we want to focus on the `broker`. (I might be getting it wrong though)

Reviewer 4: Yeah, I think we are aligned then 👍 Then I still think it needs a rewording as I suggested; the info doesn't "come" from the broker, but the Broker info is what the Server Object holds, right?

Author: Would it make sense if we wrote it like this;

*The above diagram shows the Broker Centric Architecture. We create 3 AsyncAPI documents for the `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. The `broker` holds the information provided in the AsyncAPI files.*

Reviewer 4: > The broker holds the information provided in the AsyncAPI files.

I still don't get what this sentence means. Maybe the concept of broker wasn't clear (excuse me if it is not the case 🙏 ). Here we are referring to a [message broker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_broker), which can be seen as a common server other applications connect to in order to communicate between them, i.e. send/receive messages.
 
On AsyncAPI, the broker is represented as a [server object](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/v2.4.0#serverObject) under `servers` field, in your AsyncAPI document, which is going to be the same in all documents (`producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`). So technically, the broker (remember, a physical server other applications connect to) doesn't know about the AsyncAPI document, but the other way around. Meaning, that server object written under `servers` field, in your AsyncAPI document, shows info about how to connect to that broker.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Server
weight: 1
---

```

hey!! sorry thulie, I forgot to mention you need to add a header like this to each doc page :)

## What is a server?

> A server is a representation of a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer is established. Unlike traditional API servers which are dependent on request/response, message broker interactions occur back and forth over different channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server represents a messaging broker system where connections and communication between a producer and a consumer are established. Unlike traditional API servers which are dependent on request/response, message broker interactions occur back and forth over different channels.
```

## What is the purpose of servers?

> Servers play an important role as they maintain a relationship between producers and consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages from the producer to the consumers through the use of channels. With the integration of different messaging protocols, servers can transmit and exchange messages between clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servers play an important role in maintaining a relationship between producers and consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages from the producer to the consumers through the use of channels. By integrating different messaging protocols, servers can transmit and exchange messages between clients.
```

> * Clients and Server

Reviewer: We still need to team with awesome @magicmatatjahu because we cannot merge this PR yet until https://github.com/asyncapi/website/pull/882 is merged because this is what adds the Mermaid.JS dependency to the website so as to have support for getting your diagrams into SVGs 😄✌🏽

Reviewer 5: PR is rebased and opened :) I need review.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    a[Client Browser] --> b[(server)]
    b --> a
    c[Client Mobile] --> b[(server)]
    b --> c 
```

> The diagram above describes a bi-directional communication between several **clients** and one **server**. In this case, the `Server Object` holds information about the actual server, including physical location.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The diagram above describes a bi-directional communication between several **clients** and one **server**. In this case, in your AsyncAPI file, you describe the `server`, and therefore the [`Server Object`](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#serverObject) holds information about the actual server, including its physical location.
```

small suggestion to be more accurate and point out name from the diagram

* Broker Centric
```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[producer]
    A --> a1[channel1]
    A --> a2[channel2]
    subgraph one[broker]
    a1
    a2
    end
    a1 --> B[consumer1]
    a2 --> C[consumer2]
```

> The above diagram shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. We create 3 AsyncAPI document for `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. The AsyncAPI files contain information about `servers` and in this case, the `server` is a representation of the `broker`. The `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer 2` can connect to the `broker` to send and receive messages related to their respective channels.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The above diagram shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. The `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer 2` can connect to the `broker` to send and receive messages related to their respective channels. In this case, you create three AsyncAPI files for `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. In your AsyncAPI files, in [`Server Object`](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#serverObject) you provide information about the `broker`, so the API users know where to connect, to start receiving or sending messages.
```

I suggested a change in the order of the sentences + some different naming

> The diagram above shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. In this case, we create three AsyncAPI files for the `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. In these AsyncAPI files, the [`Server Object`](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#serverObject) provides information about the `broker`, so that the API users know where to connect to start receiving or sending messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram above shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. In this case, we created three AsyncAPI files for the `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. In these AsyncAPI files, the [`Server Object`](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#serverObject) provides information about the `broker`, so that API users know where to connect to start receiving or sending messages.
```

> The above diagram shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. In this case, we create three AsyncAPI files for the `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. In these AsyncAPI files, the [`Server Object`](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#serverObject) provides information about the `broker`, so that the API users know where to connect and when to start receiving or sending messages.

Reviewer 4: Small correction here 💅 

```suggestion
The above diagram shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. In this case, we create three AsyncAPI files for the `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. In these AsyncAPI files, the [`Server Object`](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#serverObject) provides information about the `broker`, so that the API users know where to connect to start receiving or sending messages.
```

Reviewer 4: nitpick: This paragraph starts as `The above diagram`, however the previous one starts with `The diagram above`. Would it make sense to unify and use only one way?

## What is a Server?

> APIs use servers to receive requests from a user and responds back with the required information. In a nutshell, a server is a middle man between a user and the stored information inside a database. The communication between a user and the database happens in the form of HTTP messages. One thing to note, servers cannot make any requests, and the user can’t respond as all interactions are instigated by the user.

Reviewer 2: > stored information inside a database

We should come up with another example. A server is not always exposing data on a database. Sometimes is just computing the provided data or routing messages to the consumers.

> APIs use servers to receive requests from a user and responds back with the required information.

That's partially true. It's the case with traditional request/response APIs. In AsyncAPI, this is still true but, in most cases, servers are representing [message brokers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_broker).

> The communication between a user and the database happens in the form of HTTP messages.

Partially true as well. In the case of AsyncAPI, in most cases, communication happens using a messaging protocol like MQTT, AMQP, Kafka, WebSocket, etc.

> servers cannot make any requests

They can but they become clients of other servers.

> and the user can’t respond as all interactions are instigated by the user

Not true in the case of event-driven interactions.

---

We should probably be saying something like what we have in the spec: https://github.com/asyncapi/spec/blob/master/spec/asyncapi.md#definitionsServer. There are a bunch of definitions there that may be useful for the concepts budget.

> ## Purpose of Servers in Event-Driven Architectures

Reviewer 2: I'd dedicate this whole section to the concept of message broker, which is a special kind of server but it's the most common in EDA.

> Servers play an important role in event-driven architecture, as they create a relationship between an application and clients or/consumers. When designing and setting up an event-driven application, servers are in charge of delivering asynchronous messages to the consumer. With the integration of Websocket APIs, servers can create and maintain the server-client connection or server to server connections.

Reviewer 4: > With the integration of Websocket APIs

Brokers accept connections using different protocols. It can be Websocket but any other as well (Plain TCP). In the line of  what @fmvilas mentioned earlier:
> Partially true as well. In the case of AsyncAPI, in most cases, communication happens using a messaging protocol like MQTT, AMQP, Kafka, WebSocket, etc.

    a1 --> B[consumer1]
    a2 --> C[consumer2]
```

> The above diagram shows the *Broker Centric Architecture*. We create 3 AsyncAPI document for `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer2`. The AsyncAPI files contain information about `servers` and in this case, the `server` is a representation of the `broker`. The `producer`, `consumer1`, and `consumer 2` can connect to the `broker` to send and receive messages related to their respective channels.

Author: @smoya how is it now?
